I thought you really let go of my uncle
People who have been in love for the past ten years
How could it be forgotten so easily?
Want me to say?
If you really want to let go of my uncle
Instead of hiding
The more you avoid it, the more you care.
I want to have a good talk with him
Gu Sijun, you have been hiding for four years
I also hid for four years
This ridiculous relationship should be over for good
Let's have a good talk
How were your years in England?
Very good, Xue Feng has been with me
Then I have to thank him for taking such good care of you.
What status do you have to thank his uncle?
Lolo, am I wrong?
You are just my uncle
No? I know.
Are you still complaining about me?
No complaints
I shouldn't have been in love with you back then
Now I've figured it out.
So please don't cross the line again
Do the wrong thing